.TH man 1 "17 April 2020" "Simple Shell"
.SH NAME
.B ShellBM - simple UNIX command interpreter

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B ./bmsh
 \fb\ \fI[command]\fR [arguments ...]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B ShellBM is a simple UNIX command language interpreter that reads commands and executes them.
.B ShellBM can be invoked both interactively and non-interactively.
.SH Overview

A shell is a command-line interpreter that executes commands read from a terminal.\

ShellBM is a basic implementation of a command line similar to :
.B bash
or
.B dash.

.B Environment
.in +2n
Upon invocation, the ShellBM receives and copies the environment 
of the parent process in which it was executed.

.B Command Execution
The user input line is vectorized, each token is separated by spaces.\
The first argument is understood by the shell to be a command.\
The shell will first match the command token against a list of built-in programs,\
then the program will check the $PATH and run that command if it can be found.\
Remaining tokens are argument tokens and are treated as modifiers or options.

.B Invocation
ShellBM can be invoked both interactively and non-interactively.
If ShellBM is invoked with standard input not connected to a terminal, it reads and executes received commands in order.

If ShellBM is invoked with standard input connected to a terminal the shell is opened.
When executing interactively, ShellBM displays the prompt when it is ready to read a command.

.SH Built-ins
ShellBM has implemented the following built-ins:
.TP
.B -exit
to exit from the shell you type
.B exit
and press
.B ENTER.

.TP
.B -env
Prints the current enviornment

.SH Signals
ShellBM have the signal handle for control c and control D

.SH COMPILATION
All files are to be compiled using "gcc -Wall -Werror -Wextra -pedantic *. -o bmsh"

.SH SEE ALSO
access(2), chdir(2), execve(2), _exit(2), exit(3), fflush(3), fork(2), free(3), isatty(3), getcwd(3), malloc(3), open(2), read(2), sh(1), signal(2), stat(2), wait(2), write(2)

.SH AUTHOR
Juan Sebastian Bueno and Oscar Andres Montes



